airtable doc, images, and navigation (#928)
grouparoo/www.grouparoo.com: pages/docs/integrations/grouparoo-airtable.mdx

## App

To connect Airtable to Grouparoo, you [create an App](https://www.grouparoo.com/docs/config/apps) which tells Grouparoo the details of how to connect to Airtable. This specifies the account used for any Destinations.

### App Options

In Grouparoo’s UI config, you specify the options to connect to Airtable and test the connection.

<ImageInBrowserFrame
  src="/images/docs/integrations/airtable/app/options.png"
  alt="Airtable App Options"
  width={733}
  height={349}
/>
<br />

<table className="docTable">
  <tablebody>
    <tr>
      <td>Option Name</td>
      <td>Description</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <strong>Airtable API Key</strong> (required)
      </td>
      <td>
        The Airtable API Key. You can find this by logging into Airtable and
        navigating to the{" "}
        <a href="https://airtable.com/account">account page</a>.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <strong>Airtable Base</strong> (required)
      </td>
      <td>

>         This designates the Airtable Base to sync data to. Each airtable base

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This designates the Airtable Base to sync data to. Each Airtable Base
```

        has a name that is generated and used as part of the URL. This is the
        portion of a base’s URL that begins with ‘app’.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <strong>Airtable API Host</strong>
      </td>
      <td>
        The Host for the Airtable API. This field is auto populated with
        ‘https://api.airtable.com’
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tablebody>
</table>

## Airtable Export Records

This Destination allows you to sync your Grouparoo Records to Records in Airtable.

Companies use Airtable to organize their information in a user-friendly and collaborative environment that gives the simple structure of spreadsheets the additional functionality of a database.

To [create a Destination](https://www.grouparoo.com/docs/config/destinations), you make choices about what data to sync.

### Sync Modes

A Destination’s sync mode determines what to update in a Destination. The following are supported by Mailjet:

> - **Sync**: Add, update, and remove Airtable Records as needed.This option looks for new records, changes to existing records, and deletions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Sync**: Add, update, and remove Airtable Records. This option looks for new records, changes to existing records, and deletions.
```

> - **Additive**: Add and update Airtable Records as needed, but do not remove anybody. This option looks for new Records to add to Airtable and changes to existing Airtable Records, but does not keep track of deletions.

Reviewer 2: I might be suggestion things that were intentfully phrased.
```suggestion
- **Additive**: _Only_ add and update Airtable Records, no removal. This option looks for new Records to add to Airtable and changes to existing Airtable Records, but does not keep track of deletions.
```

- **Enrich**: Only update those Records that already exist in Airtable. Do not add or remove Records. This option will only update existing Records in Airtable.

### Destination Options

> To further clarify how Intercom should sync data, there are some options you should choose that designate details about Airtable’s organization.

Reviewer 2: `Intercom`?

Author: oops, I'll definitely change that.
